Yeah.
So let's go to this problem.
Look, what we have to do is nothing.
We're just find a poverty of a matrix and add everything into my answer.
So let's put it real quick, because we have already done it.
Let's copy the modulo the magic structure that I've already explained.
Copy this, and we'll be using it.
Okay.
So.
So here I have a modern size, and I'm only digging more when I'm doing any calculation.
This is the structure matrix.
Cool.
Now let's take the input.
Stake this input and I have to find it's power key.
Right.
So.
Let's call metrics here, and this will be a constructor of it.
Okay.
This is 51.
I've already taken it.
51.
Well, if they will also work with.
Leave.
And go making lipstick and ink as an input.
Now what we need to do.
Yeah.
Let's take this input.
We need this input.
But this is interesting.
It becomes eight or ten 008.
So we are I'm just taking the input in this matrix whose power give you want.
Now let's find out the power of this matrix, which will be simple for Vicky.
So this is normal x1 intuition.
If K and one that means.
If it is our number, then what I do is okay, I need a result in metrics too.
Let's take a metrics result and let's call it resulting.
And we know that we have to make resilient as an identity metrics.
So let's make it as identity metrics.
I've already done a function for that.
Well when?
So if can one, then what we do is we simply multiply the metrics into residential.
The return is equal to that.
And in doing otherwise, what we do is we say A is equal to a into way pool and divide by two.
This is normal, exponential.
After all this we have.
Fine.
So by using this, we have found out.
The power of this matrix e.
But yeah.
The power of this mattress and the distorting resulting.
Will it be destroyed into the routine?
Of course.
I'm taking my cardio, so now it exceed my limit.
Now what I need to do is.
Just take the sum of all these values, you two answered.
Classical studies are tendered m.
I see.
Okay, so, Eddie, it should be 18 or zero zero.
My word.
And.
Answer.
Smart.
Smart is important to.
Okay.
I think I missed something.
I missed printing on some.
But what we are doing, we are getting six here.
That's correct.
Let's take four other things.
This part is already being explained.
The Matrix, but the Matrix four and intuition.
But how is this calculation being done?
How can we find out our key metrics?
And now here we are using it basically eight.
But it's your job to figure it out by rating a problem that which kind of problem it is whether it's
a metric exponential B will it be using benchmarks to optimize automatic dictaphone ingestion or just
a memo bed or just jury duty at a 3D at a 48 A and so on?
This is the main part of taking programming at eight, figuring out that which BP will be used and what
will be the relative relation and what we need to optimize it.
In the given constraints.
Okay.
So let's copy this in submitted.
I think they should work.
Because I have taken Mahler 29 everywhere.
Okay, let's take this input once it's big.
I don't want to break this tree.
Yeah.
It's good to.
Well.
So what's the complexity here?
This isn't going I think this is nothing.
I think this is why we can always do a debate, also a log of this value.
And in each of these, what we're doing is we're multiplying to mattresses.
The log of gain and the multiplication of a metrics is sizing.
Besides, in two sizes, which is Ice Cube, of course this can be reduced too, but we don't need that
reduction metrics.
Multiplication can also be done using stress in the algorithm, but we don't want that reduction right
now.
We don't want that kind of complexity.
So Size Cube will work for us.
This ice cube and do log of it will.
Well.
So we got a correct answer and it's really less execution.
Bang, 15 milliseconds.
It's yeah, this was 18.
This was 37.
And this is 58.
Merrill's always closing in the next part and.
I hope you understand.
Understood.
Well, metrics, multiplication metrics, exponential can be used.
Thank you.